records in page module removed (#1262)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Examples/TablesInPageModule/Index.rst

:orphan:

.. deprecated:: 8.4

>    Records in the page module have been deprecated with 8.4 and removed with 9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Records in the page module have been deprecated with TYPO3v8 and removed with TYPO3v9.
```
